2024年10月3日 上午 8:23|36分钟 44秒

关键词:
干法金额、new markets、new crowd、new stadium、new experience、new PM、new environment、new custom、new CEO、new audiences、new life、new cabinet、New Yorkers、New York、new set、new round、New Zealand、new captains、exciting new

文字记录:
说话人 1 00:00 
This SRTHK's Hong Kong Today podcast.

说话人 2 00:03 
Bringing you the biggest story from Hong Kong.

说话人 3 00:06 
Hi, I'm Samantha Butler. An estimated 330,000 revellers have turned out to enjoy spectacular fireworks display above Victoria Harbour to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the People's Republic of China. The event ran for more than 20 minutes on Tuesday night, although there was disappointment for the second successive night for people hoping to enjoy a drone show. Jacqueline Geko reports. E.

说话人 2 00:33 
Jack. There were ooze and us on both sides of Victoria Harbor as people from Hong Kong stood shoulder to shoulder with visitors from the mainland and further, a field to watch the action.

说话人 2 00:47 
The show began at 9:05, five minutes later than planned because an anticipated five minute drone show had to be cancelled literally at the last minute. In a statement issued at one minute to 9, the government said that ionospheric scintillation over Victoria Harbor meant that the drones could not receive good satellite positioning signals. It's the second successive night on which atmospheric interface appearance forced a cancellation of a drone event.

说话人 2 01:18 
However, that didn't dampen the enthusiasm of the huge crowd who enjoyed more than 20 minutes of big bangs and spectacular colors against a stunning backdrop of harbor skyscrapers and mountains. Some MTR stations implemented crowd control measures and trains ran late into the night to disperse the crowds. Revellers hoping to watch the National Day fireworks had been gathering along the Torya harbor to secure a spot hours before the display even began. Miss Chen was one of them.

说话人 4 01:54 
We planned ahead for this and bought different kinds of equipment. We started queuing very early, hoping to.

说话人 2 01:59 
Find the best spot for photos. Another spectator, Mister Tang, brought his child to see the show and said the combination of fireworks and drones peaked his interest. For businesses along the harbor, the fireworks display was a shot in the arm. Austin Leo, a general manager of a restaurant near the Chimsha Choi harbourfront, said patrons were more willing to spend. He expected business to double during the show.

说话人 5 02:29 
Tables with better views had been booked up quickly. The display certainly has a positive impact. Drones and fireworks have boosted our sales.

说话人 2 02:38 
Rocky Yip, director of operations of Harbor Through Spauhnia, said the local firm is carrying a total of 1,100 people in the evening on the three cruises it's operating with 70% of them coming from the mainland.

说话人 3 02:56 
The SAR government held a flag raising ceremony in Wan Chai on Tuesday morning to celebrate the 75th anniversary. The ceremony was attended by Chief Executive John Lee, his wife, senior government officials and others. Damon Pang reports.

说话人 6 03:15 
Other dignitaries who attended the ceremony at Golden Bauhunia Square were three former chief executives, Donald Tung, Sy Lung and Kerry Lamb so of Beijing's Creation Office, chief Zhang Yanxian.

说话人 2 03:27 
Please face the national flag and the regional.

说话人 6 03:30 
Flag. They stood solemnly as the national NSR flags were raised. The police band played the national anthem, while offices from the fire and government flying services saluted. Similar flag raising ceremonies were also held at a Commissioner's office of the Foreign Ministry in Hong Kong, as well as delay Asian Office. At the subsequent National Day reception at the convention and Exhibition Center, the CE said Hong Kong will continue to play its unique role in connecting the nation with the rest of the world.

说话人 2 04:06 
海国干法金额楼上。

说话人 7 04:08 
In the country's development path, Hong Kong has always been a participant, a contributor and a beneficiary. The SAIR's development is linked to that of China, which always gives Hong Kong the strongest backing. The Greater Bay Area Outline Development Plan then was announced five years ago. Since then, Hong Kong has continued to promote high quality development of the Bay Area, including connecting the region's systems and regulations on a wider and deeper scale. We're speeding up the construction of an international level Bay Area.

说话人 6 04:41 
Mister Lee added that Hong Kong is undergoing a key economic trend transition, which he said presents more opportunities than challenges. He said people must adjust to change and promote reforms to contribute to the country's developments.

说话人 3 04:56 
Hundreds of thousands of people gathered in Tiananmen Square in Beijing for its National Day flag raising ceremony. As Azam Khan reports, millions of people also kicked off their Golden Week holidays.

说话人 1 05:12 
Spectators gathered to witness a ceremony at Tiananmen Square where the national anthem was played as the national flag was raised and pigeons were released. The day also kicked off a seven day Golden Week holiday with the nation's rail operator saying they're expecting to handle 175 million passenger trips for the period. China's state railway group added that in response to the surge in passenger demand, measures will be taken to boost transportation capacity, enhance services and ensure safe, orderly and enjoyable trips. Meanwhile, officials said that Beijing Dashing International Airport is expected to handle more than 6,400 flights and more than 1.03 million passengers during the holiday period. Chengdu, Shanghai and Guangzhou were the top domestic destinations for passengers from Beijing, while popular international spots included Tokyo and Singapore.

说话人 3 06:12 
Discounts and special offers were rolled out to celebrate National Day with movie theaters across Hong Kong offering half price tickets and some 3,600 restaurants, stores, supermarkets and hotels offering discounts. Haley, it went out to hunt for bargains.

说话人 4 06:29 
Mister Sham was queuing outside the cinema in festival Wakmala National Day. He said his family took advantage of the half priced movie tickets and calls it a great way to get Hong Kongers and tourists out in a bet on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.

说话人 2 06:44 
I.

说话人 6 06:45 
Think it's great because it gets more people to spend in Hong Kong, whether it's at restaurants, cinemas or other fun places. It should stimulate Hong Kong's economy and it gives families more places to go to.

说话人 4 06:58 
German tourist Michelle said she enjoyed the lively atmosphere and that the discounts came as a pleasant surprise.

说话人 8 07:05 
Actually, I haven't really heard about the discounts. I don't even know what all it. I mean, all the prices regular. So it's probably a good thing. Yeah, and it's nice to have it, but that's not the reason for us to come and not the reason for us to go out. We would do it.

说话人 4 07:24 
Anyway. And a local woman queuing outside one of the restaurants offering discounts said the deals were good for the community.

说话人 9 07:32 
A 25% discount is a good thing. It benefits everyone and it revitalizes the economy. If there weren't any discounts, people would stay at home, they wouldn't go out and businesses would suffer. I'll order a more expensive breakfast. I definitely will.

说话人 4 07:49 
People were also able to ride the tram and take many ferry routes for free on National Day, including the Star Ferry. The MTR gave passengers a 25% discount on most lines as well as the light rail and its bus services. A local man surnamed Skiller, who attended a flygrasing ceremony at City University, said the discounts and special offers definitely boosted morale. Think it's a.

说话人 10 08:10 
Good idea? Yeah, I like the idea. I was actually wondering why the MTR was so cheap though. That's because of the discount. We're thinking about going to Llama Island and going to a restaurant there. And yeah, let's see what we can.

说话人 4 08:24 
Get. KMB, LWB and City Bus were also offering free rides for children. Separately, people were able to use venues managed by the leisure and Cultural Services department for free for 30 minutes, though they needed to book through a balloting system.

说话人 3 08:39 
Police Chief Raymond Sue says there were around 7,000 officers deployed to various districts for National Day as mainland travelers descend on Hong Kong for their Golden Week holiday. Damon Peng reports.

说话人 6 08:53 
Speaking after attending a reception at the convention and Exhibition Center in Manchai, Mister Sue said he hopes the public can feel happiness on such an important day. Meanwhile, the director of immigration, Benson Cock, said Hong Kong is expecting a high number of mainland travelers on National Day and that the border points connected to the Israel line are expected to be the busiest ones, while many travelers are also expected to take the express rail to West Gallon Station.

说话人 11 09:24 
Immigration department is ready. We've basically deployed all available border staff at the checkpoints as far as possible. We hope everything will go smoothly and that travelers coming south from the mainland can cross the border in a speedy and convenient manner.

说话人 6 09:39 
At West Gallon Station, a tourist from Shanghai said prices for flight tickets to Hong Kong were expensive. So they flew to Shenzhen and then took the express trial to the SAR.

说话人 12 09:51 
We came to Hong Kong because the children want to visit. We'll go to the Ocean Park and walk around the urban areas. We also want to see the National Day fireworks. We don't have fireworks in Shanghai, so we came to Hong Kong. The children want to see the fireworks.

说话人 6 10:06 
And another tourist from Shenzhen said he embarked on a day trip to watch the fireworks and the drone show.

说话人 3 10:14 
The government should be more aggressive when it comes to attracting big names and hosting world class events here. That's according to the Our Hong Kong Foundation, which proposed the setting up of a mega events office for higher level coordination. The think tank also called for greater cooperation with other greater Bay Area cities. An assistant researcher of the Our Hong Kong Foundation, Jocelyn , spoke to Janice Low.

说话人 2 10:38 
So if we look at Singapore, they have Sport Singapore and Sport Tourism Board and their government officials really play an active role in bidding for top events in the world. And in Qatar, they set up bidding committees just for the World Cup, for example. Whereas in Hong Kong and the government only provides a letter of support and also the Mr funding, which is subject to a ceiling of 15 million for the matching grant. And we do think that in terms of funding support could be more flexible. And apart from that, there are also a lot of issues with organization and coordination that could be improved. And that's why in this report, we recommend the government establish a mega events office to coordinate from a higher level. How effective do you think a mega event's office will be in Shenping, Hong Kong, into a mega sports events capital? We think that the Mega Events Office will show that the government is really committed to building Hong Kong into a mega sports events capital.

说话人 2 11:44 
Right now, we also have the coordination group, and we think that the government could still step up its efforts in doing so if Hong Kong wants to hold maybe even a bigger scale event that might exceed the capacity of Kai Tech Sports Park. Is there any way that Hong Kong can improve itself? Or what's more, can Hong Kong do? Hong Kong could collaborate with GBA cities more to co host multi sports events because obviously hosting a multi sport event would lead to a huge financial burden to the city. And we see that co hosting is really a global trend. So we think that co hosting with GBA would not only reduce the financial burden, but would also promote sports tourism around the area. And this is great for Hong Kong as well as the entire GBA's economic development application procedures for using the high tech sports park.

说话人 2 12:38 
What are the problems that the foundation has noticed and what are the suggestions that you think the government can do better? We have spoken to over 50 stakeholders. A lot of them worry that applying for these licenses would take a long time. And oftentimes international organizers, they don't have experience organizing events locally, so they wouldn't know which government departments they have to be in touch with. And this could cause great problems and lead to chaotic arrangements. So we recommend that the government has a mega events office that could streamline these different procedures and also offer one stop service for both international and local event organizers.

说话人 2 13:20 
Oftentimes, the licensing procedure takes more than 42 days, 40 days, two days was only according to the official document. So we think that actually for Kaita Sports Park, as it has gained more successful event experiences, it could transform into licensing model similar to lcsds venues. So this means that they could have private sector to do the checking and have certifications approved by the government. And this would reduce the time needed to contact different government departments, which would increase the licensing processing time.

说话人 3 13:59 
It's been confirmed that the Hong Kong Rugby Sevens will take place at the newly built Kaitack Stadium next year after being held at the Hong Kong Stadium for three decades. The Rugby sporting event will run from March the 28th to the 30th in the new stadium which concede 50,000 people. James Foundan, the new CEO of Hong Kong China Rugby told Haley Yap that he hoped to make the Sevens a sellout event with fans walking away with an unforgettable experience.

说话人 13 14:26 
The backdrop, the new stadium, the state of the art facility, you know, the windows that you can view through to Victoria Harbor. The new F&B space where people are gonna be able to drink and get food and just the view of the whole, the stadium is extraordinary from my perspective. I think it's gonna be fantastic for fans.

说话人 4 14:42 
What steps are you gonna take to retain the Seven's atmosphere from the Hong Kong Stadium at a new venue? I.

说话人 13 14:47 
Guess that comes down to the fans ultimately, because hopefully the fans will wanna be at this first event as part of the legacy, obviously be some features of transferring some elements of the South stand into the new stadium and then again, some state to the art pieces in the stadium that are gonna be new to the fans, but equally and exciting new. It's gonna be fantastic.

说话人 4 15:08 
And what are some of the differences that fans are going to notice at Kai Tech? What have they got to look forward.

说话人 13 15:13 
To? They've got to look forward to is just the whole environment, the atmosphere within the stadium. There is a retractable roof. There is air conditioning by sea, the whole experience and comfort that the event is gonna be fantastic. But also, you know, the view of the pitch, it's gonna be different to the old stadium. But you, you know, very exciting for viewers to see that pitch within the whole new state of the art stadium.

说话人 4 15:35 
And the new venue has a bigger capacity than the Hong Kong Stadium. How will that affect your ticket sales strategy?

说话人 13 15:41 
We hope that we're gonna entice regular and invaluable fans, and then we may be able to obviously entice a new crowd of supporters from, you know, maybe increase our international visitors as well as more local support from different parts of the communities in Hong Kong. I'm gonna entice them to come to the new stadium.

说话人 4 15:58 
So there are a lot of first this year's as a new stadium, we have a new CEO and we have two new captains as well. So what's your vision for your first Hong Kong Sevens as CEO?

说话人 13 16:07 
First, hopefully make it a sellout, but that's probably an obvious thing to say, but I want fans to walk away at the end of the weekend and say it was the most fantastic experience. Whilst they valued previous, you know, the stadium before, but they were inspired by new experience and new environment. And then for us to inspire the next generation of children and youth, young people in Hong Kong by attending such an amazing event will be pleasing for me as CEO. So.

说话人 4 16:33 
The Hong Kong China team competed in a different format earlier this year. Will it be the same again in 2025? Or will they be competing in the main event?

说话人 13 16:40 
Yeah, so they'll likely continue in the Claymores competition again, which again gives, I guess, because of the nature of the World Series, our teams are just outside the World Series. They get chance to play in that Claymore's tournament, which again, hopefully as a crowd pleaser and a crowd pullers chance to see our local players do a fantastic job on the field. So that format will remain. And.

说话人 4 16:59 
Which international teams will we hope to see at the Hong Kong Sevens next year?

说话人 13 17:02 
Well, I think the obvious year in, year out, you know, Australia, New Zealand, France, Samoa, you know, so you, the usual big hitters that you would have seen for recent years, Canada and the women's, you obviously done very well at Paris Olympic Games as well and the USA teams. So all of the top teams from the World Series.

说话人 4 17:18 
Having it at the Kai Tech Sports part. What does it mean for Hong Kong as an international sports hub? And what does this mean for the future of Rugby in Hong Kong?

说话人 13 17:27 
Feels like sports really on the up in Hong Kong. And it's a fantastic opportunity for the Cafe HSBC Hong Kong Sevens to take place at the new stadium. I think government are obviously hugely supportive of encouraging mega events and using mega events to grow and develop the economy and tourism and encourage tourism. So it's not just about a Rugby tournament. We see our role as having a really a bigger picture influence on wider society, the economy, tourism and align with the government's objectives as well as obviously wanting to do successful as a tournament.

说话人 3 17:58 
Xinwan News Agency says China and the United States are set for talks on trade and economic ties. The talks will also cover key issues of mutual concern between the two nations, such as the restrictions on mainland electric vehicles. Jamie Clarke reports.

说话人 14 18:13 
Xinhua says Chinese Commerce Minister Wang Wen Tao and his American counterpart, Gina Raimondo will hold a phone conversation to allow for an in depth discussion on bilateral economic and trade relations. The Biden administration's restrictions on Chinese made electric vehicles or Evs will also be a topic on the agenda.

说话人 14 18:36 
A new round of US tariffs on $18 billion of Chinese goods, including Evs, EV batteries and solar panels took effect in late September. Those tariffs were imposed after a review by the office of the US Trade Representative of levies which had been previously introduced in 2018 by former President Donald Trump. Mister Trump has said he'll consider imposing further tariffs of 60% or more on Chinese goods if he's elected president again in November. Officials from both the US and China will also exchange views on key issues of mutual concern during the conversation during a two day working group meeting with a US delegation in Beijing last month, Chinese officials expressed grave concerns about additional US tariffs, investment restrictions and Russia related sanctions.

说话人 3 19:33 
The  space agency has unveiled plans to launch the Shenzhou 19 mission later this month. Broadcasters CCTV reported that the new set of astronauts will travel to the country's space station and take over from the Shenzhou 18 crew who've been in orbit for almost half a year. Frank Young reports.

说话人 14 19:53 
The trio.

说话人 1 19:53 
Of Ye Guangfu, a fighter pilot and veteran astronaut who took part in a Shenzhou 13 mission in 2021. And teammates Li Chung and Li Guangsu will wrap up their time in space shortly and return to Earth. Mister Ye spoke to CCTV. At present, the Chinese space station has entered the operation and development stage. I believe there will be more footprints of Chinese astronauts in.

说话人 2 20:17 
Space in the future.

说话人 2 20:18 
中国航天员的足迹。

说话人 1 20:20 
another。 Not Li Guangsu said the team had carried out experiments on fish in space and that the more than 90 projects planned for the mission had been progressing smoothly. Licheng, for his part, said the crew will prepare to welcome three other astronauts to the space station to continue what he described as the relay race of the Shenzhou family.

说话人 3 20:40 
Tensions have stepped up in the Middle East overnight with Israel vowing to respond to Iranian ballistic missile strikes on its territory. The Iranian attack is in retaliation for Israel's campaign against Tehran's Hezbollah allies in Lebanon. As Jamie Clark reports, Israel declared there were no casualties.

说话人 14 21:01 
A wave of Iranian missiles could be seen flying across the night sky above Israel in the early hours of this morning. Israeli Army Radio said nearly 200 missiles had been launched into Israel from Iran. While Iran's Revolutionary Guards said Iran had launched tens of missiles at Israel, adding that if Israel retaliated, Tehran's response would be more crushing and ruinous. A spokesperson for the Israeli army where Admiral Daniel Hagari said a few of the missile files had been successfully intercepted in Israeli airspace.

说话人 5 21:37 
As we can see, a few hits with no casualties because of the responsible behavior of the public, them listening to instructions and the operating of our defense systems as well as the activity of our partners for the Protection of the citizens of Israel.

说话人 14 21:54 
Iranians gathered on the streets of central Tehran to celebrate their country's air strikes against Israel. Hundreds of people wave Lebanese, Palestinian, Iranian and Hezbollah flags as some distributed sweets for those in attendance.

说话人 2 22:10 
We were taught from childhood to stand against cruelty, and our lives are ready for this sacrifice.

说话人 14 22:18 
Residents in the Lebanese capital of Beirut cast a more somber mood, however, fearing the broader implications of the strikes. The Israeli response will be devastating. It will be.

说话人 2 22:30 
Hard.

说话人 6 22:34 
What happened will be a normal thing for Israel to respond back to. They will have the right. God save this country.

说话人 14 22:42 
Israeli military said that it will choose when to prove its precise and surprising attack capabilities. Earlier yesterday, it warned several southern Lebanese communities near the border order to leave their homes shortly after starting what it called a limited ground operation against Hezbollah targets. Hezbollah's acting leader Naam Kassim promised the group will fight on following the death of its longtime chief, Hassan Nasrallah, and several of the group's top commanders who have been assassinated in recent days.

说话人 3 23:16 
Democrat Tim Wolves and Republican JD. Vance will go head to head on Wednesday at 9 a. M. Hong Kong. Hong time for what's expected to be the only vice presidential debate before November's presidential election. Mr Waltz, the democratic governor of Minnesota, and Mr Vance, a GOP senator from Ohio, will portray themselves as sons of America's Midwestern heartland, but polar opposites on issues gripping the US Jamie Clarke reports.

说话人 14 23:44 
Democrats Tim Waltz and Republican JD. Vance face off in the first and only scheduled US vice presidential debate in New York. The city is a democratic stronghold but is also the former home of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Both Mister Waltz and Mr Vance have embraced the traditional role of attack dog for the person at the top of the ticket, and that could be on full display. These New Yorkers say they'll be watching closely. You know, I w.

说话人 15 24:13 
I just wanna see, like, I understand who they are. They haven't really been involved much and they're new to the entire political climate in both sides. They come for both interesting different backgrounds and I wanna see who they are and how they represent their candidates.

说话人 1 24:25 
I do believe it's important that our candidates are put on the spot and ask important questions. We know. Trump says we know him, right?

说话人 2 24:32 
Come on. We kind of know but don't know. And so now this is also key cuz if they, either of them become.

说话人 1 24:39 
Incapacity for whatever reason, they're the heartbeat. This is the next person in line.

说话人 2 24:45 
Sorry, I feel this.

说话人 14 24:46 
Morning, Mister Walts. The governor of Minnesota, gave two thumbs up as he departed for New York. His debate prep has reportedly included sessions hunkered down in a Minneapolis hotel with Transportation Secretary Pete Boudeger standing in for Mr Vance. And Ohio senator has said he didn't have to prepare that much for the debate because he had well developed views on public policy. However, he is reportedly been doing debate prep with his wife, Usha Vance, senior aides and Republican Tom Emer. He was played Mr Waltz with the race for the White House incredibly tight and no more showdown scheduled between the two presidential candidates, analysts say this vice presidential head to head may take on more importance than usual.

说话人 3 25:34 
Tens of thousands of dock workers have gone on strike indefinitely at ports across much of the United States, threatening significant trade and economic disruption ahead of the presidential election. As I'm Khan reports.

说话人 5 25:48 
The Ila is a force to be reckoned with.

说话人 1 25:52 
Dockworkers at major ports along the US East and Gulf coasts began walking off the job on Tuesday after last minute negotiations yielded no new labor contract. The stoppage is expected to drag on the world's largest economy just ahead of November's presidential election. The action marks the first such shutdown in almost 50 years. That will put a halt to about half the nation's ocean shipping current wages under the contract that expired on Monday range from 20 to 39 US dollars an hour. The union is seeking raises of 77% over the six year contract to a top rate of $69 an hour by 2030. It comes as people are already feeling the sting of inflation.

说话人 1 26:36 
Another demand by the union is a ban on automation in hopes of not being replaced by a machine. This worker, Daniel Amali, said companies were trying to use machines to cut labor costs. As the.

说话人 16 26:49 
Last six years have demonstrated, automation cannot outperform the skilled men and women of the Ila. Automation of our nation's ports should be a concern for everyone. The truth is, robots do not pay taxes. They do not spend money in their communities. The Ila would continue to fight until its members receive the fair contract they deserve.

说话人 1 27:09 
President Joe Biden has the power to suspend the strike for 80 days for further negotiations. But the White House has said he is not planning to act for now, which experts say is a political calculation so as not to jeopardize his standing among unions. Harry Katz, a professor from Cornell University, said the port workers are in a strong position. Many of.

说话人 5 27:29 
The goods have to go through the East Coast and Gul ports, and there really isn't a good alternative. And that's part of why the workers have a lot of bargaining leverage. They're gonna put pressure, not only on the management group that manages the ports, but many other companies rely on the port to move goods in and out. And that reliance has increased substantially over the last 50,20 years as global supply chains have expanded.

说话人 1 27:59 
It is estimated the strike will cost the economy as much as $5 billion a day, according to JP. Morgan.

说话人 3 28:06 
Japan's new prime minister, Shigaru Ashiba, says he hopes the central bank will maintain loose monetary policy as the government seeks to get the country fully out of deflation, pledging to carry over the economic policy of his predecessor, Mister Ashiva said he would tell his cabinet to compile a fresh package of measures to cushion the blow to households from rising living costs.

说话人 3 28:29 
The new PM unveiled his new cabinet on Tuesday while confirming plans for a snap election at the end of the month, more than a year before it's due. Jamie Clark reports.

说话人 14 28:42 
Shigeru Ushiba has promised political reform and help for households struggling with rising living prices. He also said he will seek deeper ties with friendly nations to counter what he called grave security threats.

说话人 2 28:58 
I believe that the current.

说话人 14 28:59 
Security environment.

说话人 1 29:00 
Surrounding our country is the most severe since the Second World War. Based on our National.

说话人 14 29:05 
Security Strategy, we will continue to strengthen deterrence and fundamentally enhance our defense capabilities in order to protect peace. Mister Yeshiva's new cabinet includes several security and defense experts. His administration's approach to diplomacy with Japan's closest ally, the United States, will be in focus. Mister Ishiba has repeatedly called for a more balanced relationship with Washington, including having greater oversight of bases in Japan used by the US military. He has also proposed creating an Asian version of the Collective Security Group, NATO.

说话人 14 29:44 
The 67 year old former defense minister replaces outgoing PM Fumio Kishida. Under Mister Kishida, the ruling Liberal Democratic Party or LDP has seen its approval ratings plummet amid public scandals and internal conflicts. It is now up to Mister Ishiva to clean up the LDP's image ahead of the snap general election on October the 27th.

说话人 3 30:10 
It's an intricate art form dating back over 13 years. Cantonese embroidery is recognized as an intangible cultural heritage of China, and efforts are ongoing to ensure its skills and traditions aren't forgotten. One master in Guangzhou has been giving new life to the ancient art form by incorporating modern elements into his designs. And Chan reports.

说话人 2 30:32 
In a quiet studio in Guangzhou, the master craftsman leans over an embroidery frame, his hands weaving threads fined in human hair to create vibrant, lifelike images. Cantonese embroidery dates back over 13 years and is unusual. Techniques involving 30 types of needlework have been passed down through the generations. The use of vibrant colors makes it stand out among the four great embroideries of China, alongside Sichuan, Suzhou and Hunan embroideries. Wang Shi yuan entered the world of embroidery when he was just 13. And it wasn't until 2,001 that he met his mentor in Guangzhou and began professional training.

说话人 17 31:22 
There was no subway track back then, so I had to take a seven hour bus ride every time I went to see my mentor. It was exhausting for sure, spending seven or eight hours a day on a piece, not knowing if would ever pay off. It probably taught me perseverance.

说话人 2 31:38 
Over the years, Mister Wang has expanded the scope of Cantonese embroidery by incorporating national treasures, western masterpieces and modern landscapes into his designs. Weaving the fine threads, he creates vibrant life like images that almost look like photographs is an effort to bring embroidery into the modern age, to keep the heritage alive.

说话人 17 32:04 
Western paintings focus on the colors and perspectives. In terms of numbers, some oil paintings require over 1,800 port 3,000 colors. Cantonese embroidery has long had a western audience when it was exported overseas. I hope to find a way to not only revive its glory from the Qing or Ming dynasties, but also take it even further.

说话人 2 32:27 
Mister Wang's expertise has taken him around the world, from Switzerland and Italy to New Zealand, where he shares his ancient craft with new audiences. Back home, his studios welcome students from all walks of life, including Brazilian designer Christine. I think it's very beautiful culture. And you can see like the traditional styles, but you also can see how it's still keeping alive in a new modern way.

说话人 2 32:58 
Wang Xinyuan story is part of a larger effort across China to preserve, elevate and share cultural traditions with the world to ensure they thrive in the modern age. Recognized as an intangible cultural heritage, workshops, exhibitions and educational programs are regularly held. So the skills and traditions are passed down to younger generations.

说话人 3 33:23 
Smart technology is increasingly playing a role in China's fashion industry. In Dalian, a city famous for clothing manufacturing and trade, textile companies are increasingly using 5G, industrial internet and AI innovations. It comes as the country's brands expand into global markets. Jacqueline Geeco reports.

说话人 2 33:45 
With digital technologies such as digital garment printing and biotechnologies and textiles, a new custom made suit can be ready for shipping 72 hours after an order is received. Wang Gang is an assistant manager of Dalian Moda Fashion China. Normally.

说话人 18 34:05 
It requires over 300 procedures and collaboration from over 10 departments for production, and it can take more than two weeks to make a suit. Now the digital technologies have transformed the way clothing is manufactured. In our workshop.

说话人 2 34:18 
Growing bigger is no longer a priority for China's textile and apparel sector. Instead, the country intends to develop a high tech driven industry and engaged in more value added functions in the supply by chain. Hu Dong Mei, CEO of Dalian Dyan Group, one of the most competitive men suit enterprises in China, said the key is to identify the weakest links in the business.

说话人 2 34:47 
这种相对市场不是那么。

说话人 12 34:50 
During a market slowdown, textile companies have to reassess the core competitive elements of their products, such as the fine handmade workmanship or the technological tools that boost consumption.

说话人 2 35:03 
During the China International Garment and Textile Fair in Dalian, exhibitors showed how traditional labor intensive assembly lines are giving way to robotic sewing, computerized cutting and digital printing. Green fashion is becoming mainstream as more Chinese brands put their fall winter collection made with eco friendly materials on the racks locally and worldwide. CEO Cherry Wu of fashion supplier Dalian Longsheng Fashion said they make sure to comply with foreign standards.

说话人 2 35:38 
面料的这一块，比如说。 Like this.

说话人 19 35:41 
Leather jacket that we've exported to the European market. The fabric, the lining, even the zippers all comply with EU regulations. We've been working with our raw material suppliers for more than 10 years, in order to bring the solutions of matching those requirements.

说话人 2 35:58 
For entering foreign markets. According to customs data, China's textile and apparel exports reached over one hundred and fifteen billion US dollars from January to may this year, a 1.4% increase over the same period last year as challenges remain amid trade protectionism and rising competition from Southeast Asia, experts suggest that Chinese textile companies need to target new markets by focusing on innovation, developing high end, smart and sustainable products. Thanks for listening to Hong Kong Today podcast from RTHK.

